WHOSE IDEA WAS IT
TO PUT EVERYBODY
ON SKATES?
SOME IDIOT CUSTOMER
PUT A SUGGESTION
IN THE SUGGESTION BOX.
OH, MY GOD!
THEY TOOK MY IDEA!
THAT WAS YOU?
YEAH.
OKAY, THERE YOU GO.
RACHEL,
I MADE YOU A COCOA.
OH, MY G...
IT'S SO NICE...!
OW!
OH, MY GOD!
ARE YOU GUYS OKAY?
ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
( both moaning )
OH, MY.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HI.
YOU KNOW,
WITH THAT GOATEE
YOU KIND
OF LOOK LIKE SATAN.
OH, SO THAT'S WHY THE PRIEST
THREW HOLY WATER ON ME.
OKAY, LISTEN
YOU HAVE TO CHEER UP. OKAY?
YOU SHOULD COME OUT
WITH ROSS AND ME.
ANYTHING IS BETTER
THAN SITTING AROUND
CRYING ALL DAY ABOUT KATE.
HEY, I WAS CRYING BECAUSE...
BECAUSE NOBODY BELIEVED
QUINCY'S THEORY, OKAY?
HI.
I'M GOING TO BE ON TV!
NO WAY!
YEAH.
THEY'RE PUTTING TOGETHER
THIS PANEL
TO TALK ABOUT FOSSILS
FOUND IN PERU.
THE DISCOVERY CHANNEL'S
FILMING IT.
OH, MY GOD!
WHO'S GOING
TO WATCH THAT?
THANKS. YOU READY TO GO?
YEAH.
( clears throat )
SAW A GIRL WITH THAT VEST.
THANKS.
While most of us think
of chocolate bunnies
and baskets
as traditional Easter gifts
some people insist on giving
live chicks as presents.
Unfortunately,
the sad fact remains
that most of these little guys
won't live
to see the Fourth of July.
Because as a result
of improper care,
they will be dead.
HI. YOU GUYS GOT ANY
OF THOSE BABY CHICKS?
'CAUSE I WAS WATCHING
THIS COMMERCIAL ON TV
AND MAN, THOSE THINGS ARE CUTE!
HI.
HI. PETE, YOU'RE BACK.
HEY, CHECK THIS OUT.
WOW, SKATES.
WHOA!
WOW.
YOU'RE A LOT STURDIER
THAN CHANDLER.
HE CRUMBLED LIKE
A PIECE OF PAPER.
SO HOW WAS YOUR TRIP?
WHAT'D YOU BRING ME?
AW...
HOTEL TOILETRIES
FROM JAPAN!
OH!
THESE ARE GOING TO GO
IN MY PERMANENT
COLLECTION.
YOU WANT SOME COFFEE?
SURE, THAT'LL BE GREAT.
REGULAR OR DECAF?
UH, WHICHEVER'S CLOSEST.
SO, ASK ME
WHAT I DID TODAY.
SO, WHAT DID YOU DO
TODAY, PETE?
I BOUGHT A RESTAURANT
AND I WANT YOU
TO BE HEAD CHEF.
WHAT?! OH...!
CAN YOU BELIEVE
HE JUST OFFERED ME
A RESTAURANT?
WHAT A JERK.
WANT ME TO KICK
HIS ASS?
THIS HAS BEEN
LIKE MY DREAM
SINCE I GOT MY FIRST
EASY-BAKE OVEN
AND OPENED EASY MONICA'S BAKERY.
I MEAN, I WOULD KILL
FOR THIS JOB.
I MEAN, I CAN TOTALLY
DO THIS JOB
AND GOD KNOWS,
I'VE PAID MY DUES.
BUT PETE'S JUST
DOING THIS
BECAUSE HE HAS
A CRUSH ON ME.
AND YOU'RE STILL NOT
ATTRACTED TO HIM AT ALL?
NO. HOW CAN I ACCEPT
A RESTAURANT FROM HIM?
I-I CAN'T.
I COULDN'T EVEN
ACCEPT A NECKLACE
FROM STU VINCENT
IN THE SEVENTH GRADE.
BUT, MON, THAT WAS
TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
HE WAS YOUR HEALTH TEACHER.
OH, PLEASE.
OW!
WHAT, HONEY?
OW.
MY SIDE STILL HURTS
FROM WHEN YOU CRASHED
INTO ME YESTERDAY.
I'M SO SORRY.
OW!
OH, GOD!
HEY, YOU GUYS,
GUESS WHAT?
GOT A JOB
ON A RIVERBOAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DIDN'T WEAR THIS SUIT
FOR A YEAR
BECAUSE YOU HATED IT.
WELL, GUESS WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT MY GIRLFRIEND
ANYMORE, SO...
OH, I SEE. SO THIS SUIT
IS MAKING A POINT.
NOW THAT YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN
YOU'RE FREE TO LOOK
AS STUPID AS YOU'D LIKE.
YOU LIKE IT, RIGHT?
ABSOLUTELY.
I LIKE IT
EVEN MORE ON YOU THAN I DID
ON COLONEL SANDERS.
ROSS, ROSS,
I'M KIDDING.
WHAT WERE YOU
GOING TO TELL US?
WAS IT HOW YOU INVENTED
THE COTTON GIN?
OKAY, GOODBYE.
SO, UM, AFTER YOU PUT
THE SUGGESTION IN THE BOX
HOW LONG DID IT TAKE FOR THE
ROLLER SKATING THING TO HAPPEN?
UM, ABOUT THREE MONTHS.
OKAY, SO I GUESS
THAT'S ABOUT, UH...
TWO WEEKS BEFORE
THE TOPLESS THING KICKS IN.
HEY.
I GOT YOU SOMETHING.
OPEN IT.
OKAY.
( gasps )
IT'S A CHICKEN.
IT'S CUTE, HUH?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
YOU GUYS
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT CHICKS?
FOWL? NO.
WOMEN?
NO.
HEY, WELL, THEY ARE
A HUGE RESPONSIBILITY.
ESPECIALLY AT THIS AGE.
THEY REQUIRE CONSTANT CARE.
THEY NEED JUST
THE RIGHT FOOD
AND LOTS AND LOTS
OF LOVE.
OH, WELL, NO PROBLEM.
( high-pitched mumbling )
EASY, LENNY.
SO?
I MEAN, HAVE YOU
THOUGHT ABOUT IT?
OKAY, HERE'S THE THING.
OH, NO,
NOT THE THING.
I HATE THE THING.
WHAT'S THE THING?
I CAN'T DO IT.
I'M SORRY.
I WISH I COULD
BUT, UM...
YOU HAVE THESE
FEELINGS FOR ME...
WAIT. THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE
WORRIED ABOUT?
IF THAT'S THE PROBLEM,
WE'VE GOT NO PROBLEM.
HUH?
I WAS GOING TO TELL
YOU THIS OVER DINNER
BUT I MET SOMEBODY ELSE
ON MY TRIP.
OH?
HER NAME'S ANNE.
SHE'S A JOURNALIST.
WE MET ON THE PLANE.
SHE ASKED ME IF SHE COULD
FINISH OFF MY PEANUTS.
I THOUGHT SHE SAID
SOMETHING ELSE.
WE HAD A BIG LAUGH...
YEAH, I JUST...
I MEAN, I GOT TIRED
OF WAITING.
THAT'S GREAT!
I MEAN, I-I'M SORRY.
BUT I'M SO HAPPY
FOR YOU.
AND NOW, I CAN WORK FOR YOU.
I GUESS YOU CAN.
OH, MY GOD!
OH, THIS IS INCREDIBLE!
OH!
ALL RIGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M JUST GOING TO ROLL
RIGHT INTO THAT OFFICE
AND QUIT!
ALL RIGHT.
COULD YOU GIVE ME
A LITTLE PUSH?
YEAH, SURE.
GOOD LUCK.
I'M QUITTING!
WHOO-HOO!
( crashing )
I'M OKAY! I'M ALL RIGHT!
WELL, THAT'S EXCITING.
YOU WENT TO JAPAN,
MADE UP A WOMAN.
WHAT?
I'M JUST SAYING--
THIS WOMAN--
I MEAN, SHE'S FICTITIOUS, NO?
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
'CAUSE YOU'RE STILL
INTO MONICA
SO YOU TOLD HER
THERE WAS SOMEBODY ELSE
SO SHE WOULD AGREE
TO WORK WITH YOU
'CAUSE YOU FIGURE
IF YOU SPEND TIME TOGETHER
MAYBE SOMETHING
MIGHT HAPPEN.
YOU'RE GOOD. YOU'RE GOOD.
YEAH, NO, I'M FAIRLY INTUITIVE
AND PSYCHIC.
IT'S A SUBSTANTIAL GIFT.
LISTEN...
CAN YOU PROMISE ME
THAT YOU WON'T TELL HER?
ABSOLUTELY.
OH, I PROMISE.
TELL HER WHAT?
THANKS A LOT.
NO, I'M SERIOUS.
I'M INTUITIVE,
BUT MY MEMORY SUCKS.
OKAY, BUT THIS IS THE LAST TIME.
WITH A CHICK-CHICK HERE
AND A CHICK-CHICK THERE
HERE A CHICK,
THERE A CHICK, EVERYWHERE
A CHICK-CHICK
CHICKEN...
HEY.
HOW'S SHE DOING?
SHE?
WELL, YEAH. DON'T
YOU THINK IT'S A SHE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I CAN'T TELL.
WHATEVER IT WAS
WENT BACK IN TOO QUICKLY.
WELL, ANYWAY,
I GOT TO GO CHANGE.
I'M MEETING SOME OF THE CAST
FOR DRINKS.
EXCUSE ME?
WHAT?
I STAYED HOME FROM WORK TODAY
WHILE YOU WERE AT REHEARSAL
SO SOMEBODY COULD BE HERE
WITH OUR CHICK.
HEY, WHO WAS UP
FROM 2:00 THIS MORNING
UNTIL 5:00 THIS MORNING
TRYING TO GET HER BACK TO SLEEP?
YOU DON'T THINK I GET UP
WHEN YOU GET UP?
OH, HERE IT COMES.
YES.
HERE IT COMES.
I'M STUCK HERE ALL DAY
AND THEN YOU COME IN
AND SPEND TWO SECONDS
WITH US...
AND THEN EXPECT TO GO OFF
GALLIVANTING
WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
WELL, I DON'T
THINK SO, MISTER.
HEY, I NEED TO RELAX.
OKAY?
I WAS WORKING ALL DAY.
AND YOU DON'T THINK
TAKING CARE OF OUR CHICK
IS WORK?
THAT'S NOT WHAT I SAID.
OKAY?
I JUST MEANT...
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEANT.
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT EVER SINCE
WE GOT THIS CHICK
WE'VE BEEN FIGHTING
A LOT MORE THAN WE USED TO?
I DON'T KNOW--
MAYBE WE WEREN'T READY
TO HAVE A CHICK.
I'LL TAKE HER BACK
TOMORROW.
DO YOU THINK WE'LL GET
OUR THREE BUCKS BACK?
HEY.
HI.
OH, HEY.
LISTEN, I HAVE THAT TV THING
IN LIKE TWO HOURS
AND I NEED YOUR HELP, OKAY?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THIS BLUE SUIT
OR THIS BROWN ONE?
Joey:
WELL...
THE BROWN ONE
BRINGS OUT YOUR EYES.
BUT YOUR BUTT LOOKS GREAT
IN THE BLUE ONE.
REALLY?
OW!
OH!
WOW.
THAT ASPIRIN DANCE
REALLY WORKS.
OW!
OH, MY GOD,
DOES THAT STILL...?
I'M FINE,
I'M FINE.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YES, I AM.
RACH...
LOOK, I'M FINE.
WATCH.
LOOK AT THAT.
UH-UH...
OH...!
OKAY, OKAY, LOOK
YOU'VE GOT TO GO
GOT A DOCTOR, OKAY?
NO. I HAVE TO GET READY
AND GO TO A DINNER
AT MY BOSS'S HOUSE.
THERE'S PEOPLE THERE
THAT I HAVE TO MEET.
YOU'LL MAKE A GREAT IMPRESSION.
"HI. I'M RACHEL GREEN.
IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU."
COME ON.
YOU PROBABLY HAVE
A BROKEN RIB.
I WILL GO TO THE
HOSPITAL TOMORROW.
IT WILL STILL
BE BROKEN THEN.
YOU KNOW, I COULD USE
A HAND GETTING READY.
RACHEL...
EITHER HELP ME
OR GO.
FINE. I'LL GO.
OKAY, BUT BEFORE YOU GO,
COULD YOU HELP ME FIRST?
SURE.
I'LL HELP YOU.
OH, GOOD. GOOD.
DO YOU GUYS KNOW
HOW TO GET A CHICK
OUT OF A VCR?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CANNOT DO THIS
WITH MY LEFT HAND.
WOULD YOU PLEASE HELP
ME WITH THIS, TOO?
OH...
OKAY, LET'S USE
THIS BRUSH.
OKAY.
THIS STUFF?
YEAH. BE CAREFUL.
NOW, YOU WANT TO JUST
SWEEP IT ACROSS THE LID.
JUST SWEEP IT.
OKEY-DOKEY.
WHOA!
SORRY.
THAT'S JUST
POKING ME IN THE EYE.
I'M SORRY...
CLOSE, CLOSE.
OKAY, JUST SWEEP IT.
I'M SWEEPING.
SWEEP, SWEEP.
OKAY, NOW, MAKE IT EVEN,
BECAUSE WE DON'T...
WHAT? WHAT?
WE DON'T WANT IT
TO BE TOO MUCH.
NO, NO, YOU KNOW
YOU DON'T WEAR ENOUGH OF THIS.
SINCE WHEN...
SINCE WHEN
DO YOU THINK
I DON'T WEAR
ENOUGH OF THIS?
WELL, I...
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
I JUST THINK YOU'RE GOING
TO LIKE THIS BETTER
'CAUSE... CLOSE, CLOSE...
BLOW IT OFF.
SORRY. 'CAUSE, UM,
I THINK THIS WILL MAKE YOU
A LITTLE MORE SOPHISTICATED.
SOPHISTICATED
LIKE A HOOKER?
( laughing )
HEY.
GUESS WHAT
I'M DOING TONIGHT?
I'M CHECKING OUT THE
RESTAURANT WITH PETE.
OH, MONICA,
I AM SO EXCITED FOR YOU!
OOH, I HAVE
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT?
WELL, I CAN'T TELL YOU.
OKAY, BUT WOULDN'T
IT BE EASIER
IF YOU HAD TO
TELL ME SOMETHING
THAT YOU COULD TELL ME?
WELL, SURE,
IN A PERFECT WORLD.
BUT, NO
I PROMISED I WOULDN'T TELL
AND I SWORE
TO ALL MY GODS.
OKAY.
DOES IT HAVE TO DO
WITH ROSS AND RACHEL?
NO.
DOES IT HAVE
TO DO WITH JOEY?
NO.
DOES IT HAVE TO
DO WITH CHANDLER
AND THAT SOCK THAT
HE KEEPS BY HIS BED?
NO, BUT LET'S
COME BACK TO THAT LATER.
UH... UH... HUH.
THERE YOU GO.
GOOD ENOUGH
FOR YOUR PARTY, HUH?
SURE.
SURE, I'LL JUST SIT NEXT TO
THE TRANSSEXUAL FROM PURCHASING.
COME ON.
OKAY, COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, I GOT TO GO.
SO GOOD LUCK
AT THE PARTY, OKAY?
ROSS, COULD YOU STAY
AND HELP ME GET DRESSED?
SURE.
OKAY.
OKAY, GREAT.
UM, OKAY, JUST...
TURN AROUND.
WHAT?
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO SEE ME NAKED.
RACHEL, I'VE SEEN YOU NAKED
A MILLION TIMES.
I ATE HOT FUDGE OFF YOU NAKED.
REMEMBER I SUCKED
THAT MINI-MARSHMALLOW
OUT OF YOUR BELLY BUTTON?
YEAH, BUT THAT WAS DIFFERENT,
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, WE WERE GOING OUT THEN.
NOW I THINK IT'S WEIRD.
RACH, YOU KNOW,
I CAN SEE YOU NAKED
ANYTIME I WANT.
WHAT?
( laughing )
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS CLOSE MY EYES.
SEE? WHOO-HOO!
ROSS, STOP THAT!
COME ON.
I DON'T WANT YOU THINKING
OF ME LIKE THAT ANYMORE.
UH, SORRY.
NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
IT'S ONE OF MY RIGHTS
AS THE EX-BOYFRIEND.
HUH? UH... OH, YEAH.
STOP IT.
CUT IT OUT,
CUT IT OUT!
OKAY, OKAY, I'M SORRY.
IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN...
WAIT A MINUTE!
WAIT, WAIT...
NOW THERE ARE 100 OF YOU,
AND I'M THE KING.
ROSS...
OH, COME ON.
WOULD YOU GROW UP?
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
ALL RIGHT.
FINE.
YOWSAH!!!
OKAY!
SEE WHAT YOU DID?
I'M GOING TO BE DOING IT
BY MYSELF NOW.
THAT'S IT. OW!
OH! OW, OW!
LOOK, LOOK, OKAY, RACH,
EASY, EASY.
YOU HAVE TO GO
TO THE HOSPITAL, OKAY?
OKAY, I DO.
I REALLY DO.
I'M GOING TO GET YOUR COAT
AND PUT YOU IN A CAB.
OH, YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO COME WITH ME?
OF COURSE I AM.
I JUST HAVE TO MAKE A CALL.
OKAY?
THANK YOU.
( door shuts )
OW! GAH...!
WHAT, WHAT'S WRONG?
I'M SORRY.
I JUST CAN'T GO TO THE HOSPITAL
LOOKING LIKE THIS.
DOES IT INVOLVE TRAVEL?
NO!
DOES IT INVOLVE CLOGS?
WAIT, WAIT, CLOGS OR CLAWS?
CLOGS.
NO.
CLAWS?
OKAY, SO IT DOESN'T
INVOLVE ROSS OR RACHEL
OR CHANDLER OR JOEY?
WELL, WHAT ABOUT PETE?
NO!
WHAT IS IT?!
WHAT ABOUT PETE?
I DON'T KNOW.
OKAY, I FEEL LIKE
I'M TALKING TO LASSIE.
GREAT. PHOEBE, WOULD
YOU JUST TELL ME?
I CAN'T!
I GOT TO GO.
YOU'RE SO CLOSE. NO!
DOES IT INVOLVE
PETE'S COMPUTER COMPANY?
UGH! JUST GO! YOU'RE NEVER
GOING TO GET IT!
( chick peeping )
I KNOW.
YES, THAT'S
YASMINE BLEETH.
SHE'S A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
KIND OF CHICK.
I LOVE YOU BOTH...
BUT IN VERY DIFFERENT WAYS.
HEY.
HI.
OH, AH!
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
GOING TO TAKE HER
BACK TO THE STORE TODAY.
I DID, BUT THE STORE
WOULDN'T TAKE HER BACK
SO, THEN I TOOK HER
TO THE SHELTER
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT I FOUND OUT?
IF THEY CAN'T FIND
A HOME FOR HER
THEY KILL HER!
AND I'M NOT GOING
TO LET THAT HAPPEN
TO LITTLE YASMINE.
OKAY, GOOD, GOOD, GOOD
'CAUSE I WAS HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS, TOO.
OKAY.
AND IT'S NOT JUST CHICKS,
YOU KNOW.
IT'S ALL KINDS OF OTHER ANIMALS.
THAT'S HORRIBLE!
WELL, YOU DID THE
RIGHT THING, MAN.
THANKS. I'M GLAD
YOU SEE IT THAT WAY.
( duck quacking )
OH, FUNNY STORY.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!
WOW, LOOK AT THIS
REFRIGERATOR!
IT'S GIGANTIC!
I COULD LIVE IN THIS THING!
I'D BE COLD,
BUT I'M ALWAYS COLD.
OH, MY GOD,
LOOK AT THESE SPIDER BURNERS!
I LOVE SPIDER BURNERS!
SO YOU LIKE IT?
OH, IT IS SO PERFECT!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
YOU'RE WELCOME.
( inhaling )
DID YOU JUST SMELL MY HAIR?
NO.
NO WAY. WHAT? NO.
OH, GOD.
WHAT?
YOU STILL HAVE FEELINGS
FOR ME, DON'T YOU?
NO. NO.
I'M JUST EXCITED ABOUT
THE RESTAURANT, THAT'S ALL.
PETE...
OKAY, I LOVE YOU.
IS THAT SO BAD?
NO, IT'S NOT BAD.
IT'S NOT BAD AT ALL.
IT'S... IT'S REALLY NICE.
LOOK, THE ONLY ONE WHO
STANDS TO GET HURT IS ME
AND I'M OKAY WITH THAT.
YEAH, YOU MAY BE OKAY
WITH GETTING HURT
BUT I AM NOT OKAY WITH
BEING THE ONE WHO HURTS YOU.
THAT'S WHY
I CAN'T TAKE THIS JOB.
WHAT?
WE PROBABLY SHOULDN'T
SEE EACH OTHER ANYMORE.
I'M SORRY.
OKAY. YEAH.
I MEAN, IF THAT'S REALLY
WHAT YOU WANT, OKAY.
OKAY. BYE.
I'M SORRY THINGS
DIDN'T WORK OUT...
SHUT UP FOR A SECOND,
AND LET ME JUST SEE SOMETHING.
OH, WOW!
YOU'D TELL ME
THE TRUTH, RIGHT?
RACH, YOU CAN'T LOOK
FAT IN AN X RAY.
OKAY, NOW,
YOU STAY OUT HERE
AND YOU THINK
ABOUT WHAT YOU DID!
THAT'S A DUCK.
THAT'S A BAD DUCK!
HOW'D THE THING
GO TONIGHT, ROSS?
UH, IT WAS...
NAH, WELL...
WHAT THING?
THIS THING AT THE MUSEUM.
COME ON.
EASY.
OKAY
NOW, WHEN YOU COME BACK,
I HOPE YOU REMEMBER
THAT THAT CHICK IS NOT A TOY!
WHAT IS THIS THING?
UH, I WAS TRYING TO...
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE ON TV TONIGHT
FOR THE DISCOVERY
CHANNEL.
OH, MY GOD!
ROSS, WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME THAT?
AH, 'CAUSE I KNEW
THAT IF I TOLD YOU
YOU'D MAKE ME GO,
AND I KNEW
YOU NEEDED SOMEONE TO
BE WITH YOU TONIGHT.
COME ON.
I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU.
WHAT?
THAT IS THE SWEETEST THING.
I JUST...
YOU SHOULD
GET SOME SLEEP.
OKAY.
I'M SORRY
I SPOILED YOUR EVENING.
NO. AS LONG
AS YOU'RE OKAY.
OH, YEAH.
SO, I'LL, UH...
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
MM-HMM. YEAH.
SEE YOU.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
( chick peeping )
WHAT YOU DOING?
HAVING A SWIM.
WHAT ABOUT THE CHICK?
CHICKS DON'T SWIM.
ARE YOU SURE?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHALL WE TRY?
SURE.
SEE? I TOLD YOU--
THEY DON'T SWIM.
WAIT, WAIT--
GIVE HIM A MINUTE.
NO!
OH, IT'S OKAY,
IT'S OKAY.
PEEP-PEEP-PEEP-
PEEP-PEEP.
( hair dryer blowing )
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]